# Coursework v5.16

## Description

This project is the coursework for option 5.16, created by Matvei Kolesnichenko. It includes several components for processing PNG files, including functionalities like copying, color replacement, ornamentation, and drawing borders around filled rectangles.

## Project Structure

The project is structured as follows:

- `src`: Contains source code files.
- `include`: Contains header files.
- `docs`: Contains documentation generated by Doxygen.
- `Makefile`: Makefile for building the project.
- `README.md`: This file.

## Getting Started

To build the project, navigate to the project directory and run `make`. This will compile the source code and generate the executable.

```bash
make
```

To clean the project directory and remove generated files, run make clean.

```bash
make clean
```

## About docs and Doxygen

To generate documentation, run make docs. This will use Doxygen to generate HTML documentation in the docs directory and a PDF file with documentation in the same directory. You can open the HTML documentation by navigating to docs/html and opening index.html.

```bash
make docs
```

Please note that this command will download the necessary files from Github.

When generating documentation with Doxygen, make sure you have Graphviz installed for generating graphs and LaTeX installed for generating PDF documentation.

## Usage

After building the project, you can execute the generated executable to perform various operations on PNG files. Use command-line arguments to specify the desired functionality and input/output files.

```bash
./cw [options]
```

## Dependencies

The project depends on the following libraries:

- libpng
- math library (libm)

Ensure these libraries are installed on your system before building the project.
